Update Java embdedded docs to remove ClusterDatabaseManagementServiceBuilder (#161)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/java-embedded/setup.adoc

----

If you are using the Enterprise Edition of Neo4j in embedded mode, you have to create your database with the link:{com-neo4j-dbms-api-EnterpriseDatabaseManagementServiceBuilder}[`com.neo4j.dbms.api.EnterpriseDatabaseManagementServiceBuilder`^] to enable the Enterprise Edition features.

> If you are intending to operate embedded clusters, you need to provide the appropriate configuration to the instances you create (for example ports and discovery endpoints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to operate embedded clusters, you need to provide the appropriate configuration to the instances you create (for example ports and discovery endpoints).
```
